P2: Branch, Pull, Merge, Repeat
ITC250 SP 18
Scott Allen, Jesse Hernandez, Kara Manseau

Once Upon A Time...

The story begins on the 19th of Spring, Year 256.  A ragtag group of adventurers all seeking passage to the new world are seated around a dimly lit tavern table.  The strangers are weary from their long journey to the coastal town of Bradfjord and are eager to spend some coin on a hot meal and soft bed.  There are suspicious glances but no words are exchanged among them.

The tension is broken as the the owl innkeeper saunters over and says, "'Hoy friends!  My name is Striggy and you are lucky enough to be seated at Striggy's Inn, the finest establishement in all of Bradfjord!"  Striggy is met with nods and smiles so he whips out a pad and pencil as he continues, "So, what can I get for y'all tonight?"

Again, the newcomers look around the table, unsure if they should be the first to order. 

"Well, don’t all speak up at once!", hooted the innkeeper receiving a few nervous chuckles in response.

The first man, Emijah, aggresively stands to respond and looks Striggy straight in the eye. Striggy doesn't blink and with a crooked smile asks Emijah to step to the right as his glass eye was only good for playing Hitchin' with his son. The Inn goes silent as Striggy's breathy laugh fills the room. Emijah looks around at the rest of the adventurers with a puzzled look on his and their faces.

Emijah turns around with a funny face and pulls a baby seahorse, Kai, out of his bag that translates what was first asked and then translates Emijah's order back to Striggy. Kai makes sure to ask for extra chicken feet as he knows it's Emijah's favorite.

Kai had known Emijah for as long as he could remember. From what Emijah has said, Kai had been found along the remote shores of scallen island tangled in plastic webbing used by the local fisherman. Emijah had rescued Kai that day and ever since, Kai had been traveling with Emijah acting as his translator. 

"Hoo hoo!  Now that's not something you see everyday!", chuckles Striggy as he scribbles on his pad, "And what about you my, scaley friend, what'll you be having tonight?"

The large blue Dragonborn darts its tongue out as if sniffing the room and hisses, "My namesss'ss Ssstrelok and I'll have whatever raw meat issss available.  I'll alssssso have a mug of ssssome non-combussstible ale."  

Kai interjects and orders a round of ale for the rest of the adventurers as well.  Striggy lets out a quick hoot, and he rejoices as this is the most business he's had in years. Three years and 54 days to be exact. He gladly grabbed everyone's ale and waited for the first, last drop to end to bring in the second round.

Before Striggy staggers off for the next round, there's a loud bang at the door. Everyone stops and looks up. Striggy's smile drops, his lips quiver as he knows exactly what, not who, is on the other side.
